README.md, before:

# QML-for-Conspicuity-Detection-in-Production
Womanium Quantum+AI 2024 Projects

**Please review the participation guidelines [here](https://github.com/womanium-quantum/Quantum-AI-2024) before starting the project.**

_**Do NOT delete/ edit the format of this read.me file.**_

_**Include all necessary information only as per the given format.**_

## Project Information:

### Team Size:
  - Maximum team size = 2
  - While individual participation is also welcome, we highly recommend team participation :)

### Eligibility:
  - All nationalities, genders, and age groups are welcome to participate in the projects.
  - All team participants must be enrolled in Womanium Quantum+AI 2024.
  - Everyone is eligible to participate in this project and win Womanium grants.
  - All successful project submissions earn the Womanium Project Certificate.
  - Best participants win Womanium QSL fellowships with Fraunhofer ITWM. Please review the eligibility criteria for QSL fellowships in the project description below.

### Project Description:
  - Click [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1AcctFeXjchtEhYzPUsHpP_b4HGlI4kq9/view?usp=sharing) to view the project description.
  - YouTube recording of the project description - [link](https://youtu.be/Ac1ihFcTRTc?si=i6AIVfQQh8ymYQYp)

## Project Submission:
All information in this section will be considered for project submission and judging.

Ensure your repository is public and submitted by **August 9, 2024, 23:59pm US ET**.

Ensure your repository does not contain any personal or team tokens/access information to access backends. Ensure your repository does not contain any third-party intellectual property (logos, company names, copied literature, or code). Any resources used must be open source or appropriately referenced.

### Team Information:
Team Member 1:
 - Full Name: 
 - Womanium Program Enrollment ID (see Welcome Email, format- WQ24-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx):


Team Member 2:
 - Full Name: Hussein Shiri
 - Womanium Program Enrollment ID (see Welcome Email, format- WQ24-xxxxxxxxxxxxxxx): WQ24-qQoJWr5dGvp26gO


### Project Solution:
_Include a comprehensive summary of all important information about your project solution here._
All necessary code files and any additional information required to judge your project solution should be included in the repository. 

We have finished all 5 tasks and we suggest the following. First using watching the 3 minutes video presenting an overview of our solution. Then reading the report which explains a lot more in-depth our solution. Then the judge can start reading the jupyter notebooks and python files for every task. The slides and reports are found in the GitHub repository and also in the shared google drive.

### Project Presentation Deck:
_Upload/ Link a 3min. presentation deck here._ https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15mTDGrM5DGaGN612IQHc26DL88q_3gG-?usp=sharing

See project presentation guidelines [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13nWF8AxFAfFYTWEYPT3BpPdYkqtxxSAjmuXj_zcMh-E/edit?usp=sharing)

Commit message:

Added description, cleaning code, refactor

README.md, after:

# QML-for-Conspicuity-Detection-in-Production
Womanium Quantum+AI 2024 Projects

**Please review the participation guidelines [here](https://github.com/womanium-quantum/Quantum-AI-2024) before starting the project.**

_**Do NOT delete/ edit the format of this read.me file.**_

_**Include all necessary information only as per the given format.**_

## Project Information:

### Team Size:
  - Maximum team size = 2
  - While individual participation is also welcome, we highly recommend team participation :)

### Eligibility:
  - All nationalities, genders, and age groups are welcome to participate in the projects.
  - All team participants must be enrolled in Womanium Quantum+AI 2024.
  - Everyone is eligible to participate in this project and win Womanium grants.
  - All successful project submissions earn the Womanium Project Certificate.
  - Best participants win Womanium QSL fellowships with Fraunhofer ITWM. Please review the eligibility criteria for QSL fellowships in the project description below.

### Project Description:
  - Click [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1AcctFeXjchtEhYzPUsHpP_b4HGlI4kq9/view?usp=sharing) to view the project description.
  - YouTube recording of the project description - [link](https://youtu.be/Ac1ihFcTRTc?si=i6AIVfQQh8ymYQYp)

## Project Submission:
All information in this section will be considered for project submission and judging.

Ensure your repository is public and submitted by **August 9, 2024, 23:59pm US ET**.

Ensure your repository does not contain any personal or team tokens/access information to access backends. Ensure your repository does not contain any third-party intellectual property (logos, company names, copied literature, or code). Any resources used must be open source or appropriately referenced.

### Team Information:
Team Member 1:
 - Full Name: Martyna Anna Czuba
 - Womanium Program Enrollment ID:WQ24-hvwfAq1MhA14elt


Team Member 2:
 - Full Name: Hussein Shiri
 - Womanium Program Enrollment ID: WQ24-qQoJWr5dGvp26gO


### Project Solution:
_Include a comprehensive summary of all important information about your project solution here._
All necessary code files and any additional information required to judge your project solution should be included in the repository. 

We have completed all five tasks and are pleased to present our solution. We suggest the following order for reviewing the materials:

* **Start by watching the 3-minute video**: This video provides an overview of our solution and can serve as a good introduction to further analysis.

* **Read the report**: The report contains detailed explanations of our approach and methodology, helping to better understand our work.

* **Review the code**: Finally, we encourage you to go through the Jupyter notebooks and Python files, which contain the implementations for each task.

All materials, including the slides and the report, are available in our GitHub repository as well as in the shared Google Drive folder
### Project Presentation Deck:
_Upload/ Link a 3min. presentation deck here._ https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/15mTDGrM5DGaGN612IQHc26DL88q_3gG-?usp=sharing

See project presentation guidelines [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/13nWF8AxFAfFYTWEYPT3BpPdYkqtxxSAjmuXj_zcMh-E/edit?usp=sharing)
